c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\bin\Debug\student portal.exe.config
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\bin\Debug\student portal.exe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\bin\Debug\student portal.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\bin\Debug\student portal.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.Form2.resources
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.Form3.resources
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.Form4.resources
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.Resources.resources
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student portal.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student portal.exe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student portal.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student portal.pdb
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.Form1.resources
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.GpaCalculator.resources
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.Registration_Page.resources
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.SetupMenu.resources
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.DepartmentMenu.resources
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.FacultyMenu.resources
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.CourseReg1.resources
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.CourseReg2.resources
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\bin\Debug\Utilitydb.accdb
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.ConfirmationGpaRegPage.resources
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\bin\Debug\Departmentdb.accdb
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.LoginPage.resources
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.Trial.resources
C:\Users\user1\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\student portal\student portal\obj\Debug\student_portal.HomePage.resources
